Notes on Sentiment Analysis Tool Bookreview
Semp. 30, 2014

       This project will develop a sentiment analysis tool to analyze customer book reviews and give  authors and publishers an ideal about the customers evaluation on a book.
       The customers reviews on a book are collected from web, emails or other sources.  The final target of the project is to let Bookreview  to be able  to summarize an individual customer review (if it is a long review); list all aspects in the review and rate the aspects; list typical sentiment representation in the review.  Also it will synthesize all reviews and  give a final rate to the book; list all iimportant aspects and their rates.  
       According to the targets, this project is not a simple development one but a research and development project. Some goals may not be reached in a short term. So, we¡¯ll incremental build it. 
       To reach the goals, it has several phases:  initial phase, medial phase, and final phase.
       
* Initial Phase
Develop a simple Bookreview. 
Input: individual  review in plain text
Preprocess on text:  split text into sentences and tokenize each sentences
Classifier: Polarity  Naive Bayes Classifier, 

This version has implemented the initial Phase functions requirements 

* Phase II
* Initial Release
This release analyzes document sentences with the dictionary SentiWordNet.
It tags each word with a POS tag, and with this pair (word, pos tag), retrieve sentiment scores from SentiWordNet.
Then it calculates a sentence sentiment pos/neg secores and the document pos/neg scores. Based on the pos/neg scores, 
it determines the review polarity and rate.

The initial version only gives a review document whole polarity and rate, it does not give each sentence polarity
and pos/neg scores. This is the next version work.
This initial release classifying  accurate is around 55.4%. The test corpus is 
the "Sentiment Polarity Dataset Version 2.0 by Bo Pang and Lillian Lee"

The next versions will enhance its accurate, extract aspects  from sentences, give  rates to them 

